README for GNU `indent' 2.0, November, 1998

  GNU indent changes the appearance of a C or C++ program by inserting
  or deleting whitespace according to a plethora of options.  Some
  canned styles of formatting are supported as well.  GNU indent is a
  descendant of BSD indent.  This file is part of the GNU indent
  distribution.

  Read the file NEWS for more information, especially to see what's
  different from the last version, and what future versions may do.

  To install indent, please read the file INSTALL included with the
  distribution. If you are installing indent on VMS, see the file
  VMS-README.

  For license and copying information, see the file COPYING.

DOCUMENTATION

  For complete documentation on the Web, please visit:

     http://www.arceneaux.com/indent

  GNU uses a language called "texinfo" for its documentation source
  which produces both an on-line, interactive version and a hardcopy
  version for printing.  An HTML version is now produced as well.

  The on-line version, `indent.info', is installed along with the
  executable by typing "make install".  Refer to the Texinfo manual
  for more information on this system.

  The hardcopy version is produced from the source file `indent.texinfo'
  in as either a DVI or Postscript format file.  To produce the DVI
  version, type:

    make indent.dvi

  To produce the Postscript version, type:

    make indent.ps

  Note that you must have the TeX typographical system installed for
  this to work.

  The HTML version is included along with the distribution, and
  consists of the files:

     indent.html  indent_foot.html  indent_toc.html

  which must be installed in the same directory.  These files can also
  be accessed at the URL http://www.arceneaux.com/indent/manual.html

  To create the HTML version from the texinfo version, type:

     texi2html indent.texinfo

BUG REPORTS

  Please address bug-reports and suggestions or comments to:

    indent@arceneaux.com

  How to report bugs:

  Please begin your bug report with a concise and factual description
  of the behaviour you consider to be abberant.  If you have narrowed
  the problem down to the use of a particular option, please mention
  that.  In general, also be sure to mention the command line options
  used to invoke indent, as well as the contents of your .indent.pro
  if you are using one.

  Then include the *smallest possible* piece of code which generates
  the described symptom.  It is very helpful if you can manage to
  reduce the size of the sample code.

  Finally, if you have investigated the problem further, include
  debugger stack traces, modifications, or speculation you have.

SENDING CODE

  If you send a patch as part of your bug fix, or send me code for new
  features, please send them as diffs.  In particular, send me the
  result of "diff -c <old_file> <new_file>".

  Because of the regression testing I require of indent, it is
  extremely unlikely that your code will be installed into indent
  "as-is";  however it may still be helpful, and will likely have
  solved your particular problem.
